README.md, before:

# Brag AI

Generate and maintain a brag document automatically from your GitHub contributions, powered by AI.

## Overview

Brag AI helps you create and maintain a "brag document" - a record of your professional achievements and contributions. It analyzes your GitHub activity and generates meaningful descriptions of your work that you can use for performance reviews, job applications, or personal development tracking.

## Features

- **GitHub Integration**: Automatically analyzes your commits to generate achievement descriptions
- **AI-Powered**: Converts technical contributions into clear, impactful statements
- **CLI Tool**: Easy to use command-line interface
- **Customizable Output**: Generate documents in various formats
- **Local Processing**: Your data stays on your machine

## Installation

```console

```

## Usage

### Basic Usage

Generate a brag document from your recent GitHub activity:

```console
brag generate --user <github-username>
```

### Options

#### Generate for a specific time period

```console
brag generate --from 2024-01-01 --to 2024-03-31
```

#### Focus on specific repositories

```console
brag generate --repo repo1 --repo repo2
```

#### Export in different formats

```console
brag generate --format markdown
brag generate --format json
```

The brag document is a JSON object with the following structure:

<!-- TODO: Add JSON schema -->

```json

```

### Full API

<!-- TODO: post the CLI `--help` menus here -->

## Coming Soon

- **Web Interface**: Access Brag AI through a user-friendly website
- **Extended GitHub Integration**: Support for PR reviews, issues, and discussions
- **Integration with other tools**: Support for other tools like GitLab, Bitbucket etc.
- **Custom Templates**: Create your own formats for brag documents
- **Export Options**: Additional export formats

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please check out our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

## License

<!-- TODO: switch to MIT -->

This project is currently private.

## Support

<!-- TODO: add docs -->

- 📖 [Documentation](https://github.com/ruancomelli/brag-ai/blob/main/README.md)
- 🐛 [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/ruancomelli/brag-ai/issues)
- 💬 [Discussions](https://github.com/ruancomelli/brag-ai/discussions)

## Why Brag AI?

Maintaining a brag document is crucial for career development, but it's often overlooked or forgotten until it's time for a performance review.
Brag AI automates this process, helping you capture your achievements while they're fresh or after a long time.

---

Built with ❤️ by [Ruan Comelli](https://github.com/ruancomelli)

Commit message:

docs(README): tweak README to be more playful (#5)
docs(README): tweak README to be more playful

docs(README): make the README even more playful

## Summary by Sourcery

Update the README to be more playful and engaging, using emojis and
informal language to make the project more approachable.

Documentation:
- The README was updated to be more playful and engaging, including more
emojis and informal language.
- The overview section was rewritten to be more approachable and
highlight the benefits of using Brag AI.
- The features section was updated with more descriptive and engaging
explanations.
- The 'Coming Soon' section was updated with more playful descriptions
and emojis.

Chores:
- Add a 'Remember: It's not bragging if it's true! ✨' message at the end
of the README.

README.md, after:

# 💁 Brag AI

Because your awesome work deserves to be remembered! ✨

Generate and maintain a brag document automatically from your GitHub contributions, powered by AI.

## Overview

Ever had that moment when your manager asks "So, what have you been up to?" and your mind goes blank? 🤔

Brag AI is your personal achievement historian! It helps you create and maintain a "brag document" - a fancy record of all the cool stuff you've done. It dives into your GitHub activity and transforms those cryptic commit messages into beautiful, human-readable achievements that'll make your portfolio shine! ✨

Perfect for:

- 📊 Performance reviews (without the last-minute panic)
- 💼 Job applications (show off with style)
- 📈 Personal development tracking (watch yourself grow!)
- 🎉 Impressing your friends (and maybe your cat - results may vary)

## Features

- 🔍 **GitHub Integration**: Automagically analyzes your commits to generate achievement descriptions
- 🤖 **AI-Powered**: Turns "fix bug in login" into "Enhanced system reliability by resolving critical authentication issues"
- 💻 **CLI Tool**: Easy to use command-line interface

## Installation

```console
pip install brag-ai
```

## Usage

### Basic Usage

Let's make you look good! Generate a brag document from your recent GitHub activity:

```console
brag generate --user <github-username>
```

### Options

#### Generate for a specific time period

```console
brag generate --from 2024-01-01 --to 2024-03-31
```

#### Focus on specific repositories

```console
brag generate --repo repo1 --repo repo2
```

#### Export in different formats

```console
brag generate --format markdown
brag generate --format json
```

The brag document is a JSON object with the following structure:

<!-- TODO: Add JSON schema -->

```json

```

### Full API

<!-- TODO: post the CLI `--help` menus here -->

## Coming Soon™ 🚀

- 🌐 **Web Interface**: Because sometimes clicking is better than typing
- 🤝 **Extended GitHub Integration**: Support for PR reviews, issues, and discussions
- 🔄 **Integration with other tools**: GitLab, Bitbucket, and more - we don't discriminate!
- 📝 **Custom Templates**: Make your brag document as unique as you are
- 📦 **Export Options**: More ways to show off your achievements
- 🔒 **Local Processing**: Your precious data stays on your machine if you use local LLMs

## Contributing

Got ideas? We'd love to hear them! Check out our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to join the fun! 🎈

## License

<!-- TODO: switch to MIT -->

This project is currently private (shhh... 🤫)

## Support

- 📖 [Documentation](https://github.com/ruancomelli/brag-ai/blob/main/README.md)
- 🐛 [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/ruancomelli/brag-ai/issues)
- 💬 [Discussions](https://github.com/ruancomelli/brag-ai/discussions)

## Why Brag AI?

Maintaining a brag document is crucial for career development, but it's often overlooked or forgotten until it's time for a performance review.
Brag AI automates this process, helping you capture your achievements while they're fresh or after a long time.

---

Built with ❤️ and ☕ by [Ruan Comelli](https://github.com/ruancomelli)

_Remember: It's not bragging if it's true! ✨_
