docs/index.md, before:

# 💁 Brag AI

Generate and maintain a brag document automatically from your GitHub contributions, powered by AI.

Because your awesome work deserves to be remembered! ✨

<p align="center">
<img src="assets/hero.webp" alt="Brag AI Hero" width="300">
</p>

## Overview

Ever had that moment when your manager asks "So, what have you been up to?" and your mind goes blank?

Brag AI is your personal achievement historian! It helps you create and maintain a "brag document" - a fancy record of all the cool stuff you've done. It dives into your GitHub activity and transforms those cryptic commit messages into beautiful, human-readable achievements that will make your portfolio shine! ✨

Perfect for:

- 📊 Performance reviews (without the last-minute panic)
- 💼 Job applications (show off with style)
- 📈 Personal development tracking (watch yourself grow!)
- 🎉 Impressing your friends (and maybe your pet - results may vary)

## Features

- 🔍 **GitHub Integration**: Automagically analyzes your commits to generate achievement descriptions
- 🤖 **AI-Powered**: Turns "fix: bug in login" into "Enhanced system reliability by resolving critical authentication issues"
- 💻 **CLI Tool**: Easy to use command-line interface

## Getting Started

Check out the [Installation](installation.md) guide to get Brag AI up and running on your system.

Then head over to the [Usage](usage.md) guide to learn how to generate your first brag document.

## Coming Soon™ 🚀

- 🌐 **Web Interface**: Because sometimes clicking is better than typing
- 🤝 **Extended GitHub Integration**: Support for PR reviews, issues, and discussions
- 🔄 **Integration with other tools**: GitLab, Bitbucket, and more - we don't discriminate!
- 📝 **Custom Templates**: Make your brag document as unique as you are
- 📦 **Export Options**: More ways to show off your achievements (JSON brag documents anyone?)
- 🔒 **Local Processing**: Your precious data stays on your machine if you use local LLMs

## Community

Got ideas? We'd love to hear them! Check out our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/ruancomelli/brag-ai/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) to join the fun! 🎈

## License

<!-- TODO: switch to MIT -->

This project is currently private (shhh... 🤫)

## Support

- 📖 [Documentation](https://ruancomelli.github.io/brag-ai/)
- 🐛 [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/ruancomelli/brag-ai/issues)
- 💬 [Discussions](https://github.com/ruancomelli/brag-ai/discussions)
- 💻 [Repository](https://github.com/ruancomelli/brag-ai)

## Why Brag AI?

Maintaining a brag document is crucial for career development, but it's often overlooked or forgotten until it's time for a performance review.
Brag AI automates this process, helping you capture your achievements while they're fresh or after a long time.

---

Built with ❤️ and ☕ by [Ruan Comelli](https://github.com/ruancomelli)

_Remember: It's not bragging if it's true! ✨_

Commit message:

docs: update docs after publishing project to PyPI (#46)
## Summary by Sourcery

Updates the documentation to reflect the project's publication to PyPI, providing instructions for installation using uv, pipx, and pip. It also updates the environment setup instructions, and provides a quick start guide in the index and README files.

Documentation:
- Updates the installation guide to include instructions for installing the package from PyPI using uv, pipx, and pip.
- Updates the environment setup instructions to include GitHub token and LLM provider API key setup.
- Adds a quick start guide to the index and README files.

docs/index.md, after:

# 💁 Brag AI

Generate and maintain a brag document automatically from your GitHub contributions, powered by AI.

Because your awesome work deserves to be remembered! ✨

<p align="center">
<img src="assets/hero.webp" alt="Brag AI Hero" width="300">
</p>

## Overview

Ever had that moment when your manager asks "So, what have you been up to?" and your mind goes blank?

Brag AI is your personal achievement historian! It helps you create and maintain a "brag document" - a fancy record of all the cool stuff you've done. It dives into your GitHub activity and transforms those cryptic commit messages into beautiful, human-readable achievements that will make your portfolio shine! ✨

Perfect for:

- 📊 Performance reviews (without the last-minute panic)
- 💼 Job applications (show off with style)
- 📈 Personal development tracking (watch yourself grow!)
- 🎉 Impressing your friends (and maybe your pet - results may vary)

## Features

- 🔍 **GitHub Integration**: Automagically analyzes your commits to generate achievement descriptions
- 🤖 **AI-Powered**: Turns "fix: bug in login" into "Enhanced system reliability by resolving critical authentication issues"
- 💻 **CLI Tool**: Easy to use command-line interface

## Getting Started

Install `brag-ai` using `uv`, `pipx` or `pip`:

```console
# Install the package
uv tool install brag-ai
# or
# pipx install brag-ai
# or
# pip install brag-ai
```

Head over to the [Installation](installation.md) page for more details on how to install `brag-ai`.

After installation, you can generate a brag document from a GitHub repository with:

```console
brag owner/repo --user github-username
```

Check out the [Usage](usage.md) page for more details on how to use `brag-ai`.

## Coming Soon™ 🚀

- 🌐 **Web Interface**: Because sometimes clicking is better than typing
- 🤝 **Extended GitHub Integration**: Support for PR reviews, issues, and discussions
- 🔄 **Integration with other tools**: GitLab, Bitbucket, and more - we don't discriminate!
- 📝 **Custom Templates**: Make your brag document as unique as you are
- 📦 **Export Options**: More ways to show off your achievements (JSON brag documents anyone?)
- 🔒 **Local Processing**: Your precious data stays on your machine if you use local LLMs

## Community

Got ideas? We'd love to hear them! Check out our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/ruancomelli/brag-ai/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) to join the fun! 🎈

## License

<!-- TODO: switch to MIT -->

This project is currently private (shhh... 🤫)

## Support

- 📖 [Documentation](https://ruancomelli.github.io/brag-ai/)
- 🐛 [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/ruancomelli/brag-ai/issues)
- 💬 [Discussions](https://github.com/ruancomelli/brag-ai/discussions)
- 💻 [Repository](https://github.com/ruancomelli/brag-ai)

## Why Brag AI?

Maintaining a brag document is crucial for career development, but it's often overlooked or forgotten until it's time for a performance review.
Brag AI automates this process, helping you capture your achievements while they're fresh or after a long time.

---

Built with ❤️ and ☕ by [Ruan Comelli](https://github.com/ruancomelli)

_Remember: It's not bragging if it's true! ✨_
