docs/usage.md, before:

# Usage Guide

Brag AI is designed to be simple to use while providing powerful functionality. This guide will walk you through the basic and advanced usage of the tool.

## Basic Usage

The most basic way to use Brag AI is to generate a brag document from a GitHub repository:

```bash
brag from-repo owner/repo --user github-username
```

This will generate a brag document based on the commits made by `github-username` to the specified repository.

## Command Line Options

Brag AI offers several command line options to customize the generated brag document:

| Option               | Description                                                                                                             |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--user`             | The GitHub username to generate the brag document for. If not provided, the owner of the GitHub API token will be used. |
| `--from`             | The start date to generate the brag document for (format: YYYY-MM-DD).                                                  |
| `--to`               | The end date to generate the brag document for (format: YYYY-MM-DD).                                                    |
| `--limit`            | The maximum number of commits to include in the brag document.                                                          |
| `--github-api-token` | The GitHub API token to use for authentication. If not provided, only public information will be included.              |
| `--output`           | The path to save the generated brag document. If not specified, the document will be printed to stdout.                 |
| `--overwrite`        | If set, overwrites the output file if it already exists.                                                                |
| `--model`            | The name of the AI model to use for generating the brag document.                                                       |
| `--language`         | The language to use for generating the brag document.                                                                   |

## Examples

Here are some examples of how to use Brag AI in different scenarios:

### Generate a Brag Document for a Specific Time Period

```bash
brag from-repo my-org/my-repo --user my-username --from 2023-01-01 --to 2023-12-31
```

This will generate a brag document for the user `my-username` based on their contributions to the `my-org/my-repo` repository between January 1, 2023, and December 31, 2023.

### Generate a Brag Document in a Different Language

```bash
brag from-repo my-org/my-repo --user my-username --language Português
```

This will generate a brag document in Portuguese.

### Save the Brag Document to a File

```bash
brag from-repo my-org/my-repo --user my-username --output brag.md
```

This will save the generated brag document to a file named `brag.md`.

### Combine Multiple Options

```bash
brag from-repo my-org/my-repo --user my-username \
  --from 2023-01-01 --to 2023-12-31 \
  --language Português \
  --output brag.md
```

This combines multiple options to generate a brag document in Portuguese for a specific time period and save it to a file.

## Using Different AI Models

Brag AI supports various AI models through `pydantic-ai`. You can specify which model to use with the `--model` option:

### OpenAI Models

```bash
export OPENAI_API_KEY=your-openai-api-key
brag from-repo owner/repo --model openai:gpt-4o --user github-username
```

### Anthropic Models

```bash
export ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=your-anthropic-api-key
brag from-repo owner/repo --model anthropic:claude-3-5-sonnet-latest --user github-username
```

### Google Models

```bash
export GEMINI_API_KEY=your-gemini-api-key
brag from-repo owner/repo --model google-vertex:gemini-2.0-flash --user github-username
```

## Viewing Help Information

For a complete list of commands and options, use the `--help` flag:

```bash
brag --help
```

Commit message:

feat: accept full GitHub URLs in addition to `owner/repo` strings (#63)
## Summary by Sourcery

Allow the CLI to accept full GitHub URLs in addition to `owner/repo`
strings when specifying a repository. Update uv pre-commit hook.

New Features:
- Allow the CLI to accept full GitHub URLs when specifying a repository.

Tests:
- Add tests for the new feature of accepting full GitHub URLs when
specifying a repository.

docs/usage.md, after:

# Usage Guide

Brag AI is designed to be simple to use while providing powerful functionality. This guide will walk you through the basic and advanced usage of the tool.

## Basic Usage

The primary use case is to generate a brag document for your contributions to a specific GitHub repository:

```bash
brag from-repo my-org/my-repo --user my-username
```

You can also specify a GitHub repository using its URL:

```bash
brag from-repo https://github.com/my-org/my-repo --user my-username
```

This is convenient when copying a repository URL directly from a browser.

## Command Line Options

Brag AI offers several command line options to customize the generated brag document:

| Option               | Description                                                                                                             |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--repo`             | The repository to generate the brag document for. Can be in `owner/repo` format or a GitHub URL.                        |
| `--user`             | The GitHub username to generate the brag document for. If not provided, the owner of the GitHub API token will be used. |
| `--from`             | The start date to generate the brag document for (format: YYYY-MM-DD).                                                  |
| `--to`               | The end date to generate the brag document for (format: YYYY-MM-DD).                                                    |
| `--limit`            | The maximum number of commits to include in the brag document.                                                          |
| `--github-api-token` | The GitHub API token to use for authentication. If not provided, only public information will be included.              |
| `--output`           | The path to save the generated brag document. If not specified, the document will be printed to stdout.                 |
| `--overwrite`        | If set, overwrites the output file if it already exists.                                                                |
| `--model`            | The name of the AI model to use for generating the brag document.                                                       |
| `--language`         | The language to use for generating the brag document.                                                                   |

## Examples

Here are some examples of how to use Brag AI in different scenarios:

### Generate a Brag Document for a Specific Time Period

```bash
brag from-repo my-org/my-repo --user my-username --from 2023-01-01 --to 2023-12-31
```

This will generate a brag document for the user `my-username` based on their contributions to the `my-org/my-repo` repository between January 1, 2023, and December 31, 2023.

### Generate a Brag Document in a Different Language

```bash
brag from-repo my-org/my-repo --user my-username --language Português
```

This will generate a brag document in Portuguese.

### Save the Brag Document to a File

```bash
brag from-repo my-org/my-repo --user my-username --output brag.md
```

This will save the generated brag document to a file named `brag.md`.

### Combine Multiple Options

```bash
brag from-repo my-org/my-repo --user my-username \
  --from 2023-01-01 --to 2023-12-31 \
  --language Português \
  --output brag.md
```

This combines multiple options to generate a brag document in Portuguese for a specific time period and save it to a file.

## Using Different AI Models

Brag AI supports various AI models through [PydanticAI](https://ai.pydantic.dev/models/). You can specify which model to use with the `--model` option:

### OpenAI Models

```bash
export OPENAI_API_KEY=your-openai-api-key
brag from-repo owner/repo --model openai:gpt-4o --user github-username
```

### Anthropic Models

```bash
export ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=your-anthropic-api-key
brag from-repo owner/repo --model anthropic:claude-3-5-sonnet-latest --user github-username
```

### Google Models

```bash
export GEMINI_API_KEY=your-gemini-api-key
brag from-repo owner/repo --model google-vertex:gemini-2.0-flash --user github-username
```

## Viewing Help Information

For a complete list of commands and options, use the `--help` flag:

```bash
brag --help
```
